add "how to create empty dictionaries" to the "The Dictionary Insight" (#2829)
enkidevs/curriculum: python/python-core/unordered-data-types/dictionary-standard-mapping-type.md

The **dictionary**, `dict`, is Python's main *mapping type*. Mapping objects are ones that contain *key-value pairs*. 

> Here's how you can create an empty dicitonary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's how you can create an empty dictionary:
```

```python
usingBrackets = {}

usingDict = dict()
```

> Here is a sample of a pupulated dictionary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a populated dictionary:
```
